Some of the most popular programming languages are Java, JavaScript, C, PHP, C# etc. I will say some words for each of them.
Let’s begin with a Java. This programming language is functional computer language that is concurrent, class-based, object-oriented, and specifically designed to have a few implantation dependencies as possible. Java is in use, particularly for client-server web applications, with a reported 9 million developers. The language derives much of its syntax from C and C++, but it has fewer low-level facilities then either of them.
JavaScript was introduced in 1995 as a way to add programs to web pages in the Netscape Navigator browser. The language has since been adopted by all other major graphical web browsers. It has made modern web applications possible, applications with which you can interact directly, without doing a page reload for every action. But it is also used in more traditional websites to provide various forms of interactivity and cleverness.
C is a general-purpose programming language, and is used for writing programs in many different domains, such as operating systems, numerical computing, graphical applications, etc. It is a small language, with just 32 keywords.  It provides “high-level” structured programming constructs such as statement grouping, decision making, and looping, as well as “low level” capabilities such as the ability to manipulate bytes and addresses.
PHP is a server-side scripting language, especially suited for the creation of dynamic web pages. This programming language offers web developers a large selection of instruments. PHP, which has become the basis for many web applications, allows easy insertion in HTML code and connection to MySQL and PgSQL Databases.
C Sharp is a modern general-purpose programming language designed for CLI (Common Language Infrastructure) specification. Language development started in 1999 under the name Cool (“C-like Object Oriented language”). It was renamed to “C#” later to avoid trademark conflict and to emphasis both its origin from C++ and its superiority compared to it. C# 1.0 was released in 2002 by Microsoft. C# was designed as a simple modern language similar to C++ which should implement a number of features which improve safety and robustness of code as well as development efficiency and code portability. C# is still a relatively young language, but it gains popularity fast.
Here are few advantages of C# over the other programming languages:
1. C# is pure object-oriented, but C++ is a mixture of object-oriented and procedure-oriented;
2. C# is more type safe;
3. You don’t need to put much attention on such problems as memory leak, which is troubling problem for C++ programmer;
4. The Assembly concept solves the versioning control problem well;
5. Ease-to-development. The rich class library makes many functions easy to be implemented.
6. Cross-platform. Your application will run well only if the machine installed the .NET Framework;
7. Good support for distributed system;
